Add missing change notes (#479)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/2021-02-09-html-templates.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * Improved our modelling of Go's builtin `html/template` package to understand that these templates provide context-sensitive escaping of HTML and Javascript special characters. This may reduce false-positive seen by the `go/reflected-xss` query, as well as other queries for which HTML escaping is relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved our modeling of Go's builtin `html/template` package to understand that these templates provide context-sensitive escaping of HTML and Javascript special characters. This may reduce false-positives seen by the `go/reflected-xss` query, as well as other queries for which HTML escaping is relevant.
```
